At this point, we've got some of the core features of a contract written out.
In this section, we'll write out each of the modifiers needed for a contract.
Modifiers allow us to build certain checks before the function is run.
Now, this allows us to move forward with a function only if a certain modifier is true.
It is possible to write this type of functionality into the functions themselves.
But by breaking them out into their own functions,
we can give ourselves the opportunity to reuse them.
Now, we will write out five modifiers like we discussed.
The format of a modifier looks like this.
So it looks like a function.
So you type the word ''Modifier'',
followed by name of the modifier,
and then we have parenthesis if you want to pass in
any arguments in any parameters, and then braces.
Then, within the braces,
you type in the check that you're trying to do.
Now, that's done with some required statement,
and some kind of comparison inside the require statement.
Finally on the next line,
you type an underscore followed by semicolon.
Now, this is a very special notation used specifically in modifiers.
What this does is that it returns the execution of
the code to the original function that called the modifier.
Now, let's look at the very first modifier owner only.
So what we're trying to do here is we're trying to
check that the msg.sender is equal to the owner.
So we're doing require msg.sender is equal to equal to owner.
We can do that by just typing the statement inside the required statement.
Now, let's look at the second modifier, verifyCaller.
Now, this will check that the msg.sender is equal to
the address that we're passing inside as a parameter.
To do that, what we do is we do msg.sender is equal to
equal to _address inside the required statement.
Now, since we're checking the address,
we'll need to pass that in as a variable to the modifier.
We can do that by writing this address since the type address,
and then whatever is being passed in.
We will pass this address as
a parameter from the function that we will call this modifier.
We will look at that later when we write
the function and also apply that specific modifier for them.
Now, great, let's go onto the next one which is paidEnough.
Now, we want to check that the amount paid is enough to cover the price of the item.
The amount paid would be delivered within the msg.dissent,
since we will make our function paid.
So whatever function, for example,
let's say a by function,
by item function, we are going to try to make that function payable.
So whoever is trying to buy an item,
send some amount with it,
and that comes in the msg.value.
So we're trying to make sure that this value
is greater than equal to the price of the item.
To get that price, we will again need to add
the parameter to the modifier to pass this in.
So we're going to pass this price,
though it's going to be compared over here,
and only if the price is less or the value that's coming in
is more is when the function or the by item function will be carried through.
Now, let's look at the last modifier.
In fact, we have two more.
Look at the forSale modifier.
Now, this will check if an item is up for sale.
For this, we will check that this queue of the item
is equal to the forSales date we created.
To do this, we will look inside the mapping items using the SKU.
Remember, this is when we look up mappings this way,
and then we'll look up the state.
So looking up the mapping for that special SKU that's been passed in.
and we're looking at the state of this,
and then we're checking to make sure that this value is equal to state forSale.
To do this, all we do is we say equal to equal to State.ForSale.
One last modifier which is the sold modifier,
very similar to the sale modifier.
All we're doing is that we're trying to make sure that the item is
sold in this one as opposed to states.
We're looking up in the mapping,
looking at the state,
and also making sure that the state is sold.
Fantastic. All right. Now, we've just laid out each of
the modifiers that we will be using throughout the functions that we're about to write.
Remember, the goal of the modifiers was to create a set of checks that
we can use to make sure certain things are true before moving on with the functions.
We can call this modifiers from within the functions we create,
then continue the execution of the original function
given that the required statement inside the modifier is true.
Fantastic. In the next video,
let's write the constructor function,
and also start writing out some of the other functions.